hello then after so many but really
lots of requests are here for
make up your video tag what's in mine
purse to redo you because I already have this
late and on my channel but it's a version
a little more a little less serious because
precisely I had made that video with the
a video had been clear
improvised so we do just the
idiots maybe I'll leave you the link here and
so many of you have asked me to
do it again after a year and then
in short, we could have done it again
this video in short to let you see a
boss changed something then mine
bag
currently this is where this one
wonderful with this cross I always say
cross with this useless manner
designed with all the studs and all
I bought the Latin ones here at
ferrara is not yours alone
here I paid 29 euros and I do it
immediately things are inside
very heavy because most
sometimes to my bags really
very heavy that can not be done
but there are difficulties to carry around
really things that can be dispensed then
the first thing that is indispensable
especially these days because it rains
it is always the umbrella
let's say when i see that out of the
time can hold I do n't take it though
these days it is essential therefore a
then the same umbrella for i
gloves these are cream-colored
nice cute obviously the wallet
this is a portfolio I like
very much because everything is in it
this one bought him at sea in
this summer I only paid 10 euros
you see a stall like that
and you really like it then as you will have
understood I like these fantasies
animals and as you will have understood from the
blanket behind and then the wallet
really indispensable is the
water bottle I never go out of
home without the water bottle e
invariably cisco without bottle
I happen to die of proper thirst
when the bottle then water
natural always always behind absorbents
scattered in the bag
you must know that I am not at all
in fact it is a mess as inside
but it is always so therefore with respect to the
actually then we have hand cream
this is of exex last year
in short, I finish the indispensable bonera
obviously the trousse with inside i
day-saving tricks let's say there
they are inside little things like corrector
mascara a blush a brush and then
maybe depending on how I'm wearing make-up
so maybe the black pencil rather
than the colored pencil rather than the
lipstick to revisit the makeup
that or on that day then
absolutely tricks saves save night
will be the opportunity
the only thing that maybe isn't spread around me
in the pocket is the phone that I don't
port but pocket a port never that
I know it in my pants pocket
I always carry it always in the bag or
at most in hand if I need it
if I really do n't know where to put it in my hand
they are one of those that they are
jacket pocket
pants because he has a crazy fear
chemistry ski at what point it breaks as
you see a little fingerprints on the screen
but ok then phone with mine
kalina canina covers that remain few
Things attention on deodorant
baby powder deodorant because if it happens to
stay away all day
maybe if I refresh myself then
I also want to rightly have the
deodorant behind house key and also
the keys never go out without a key
because it happens that then I come home not
there is no one nobody predicted me not
absolutely shit me the keys
in vado you learn if you don't hide behind and then
just a few things are missing
of handkerchiefs that then in winter are
indispensable for candy candies
halls I never go out and I never say never without
candy especially in the morning
when they go to school if by chance
happens kind one twice a year e
big by accident I leave home and I realize
not to have the candy behind live
a crisis just hysterical
because anyway if I go out I can stop
in a bar in a tobacco shop, buy me
the cicles candies if I go to school but
time to go to the bar square a
buy candy so it comes to me
just the axis because I maybe when
you are when hungry to refresh a
moment always always banishes the candies
that's all they are without extra sugar
strong that really save me not
I know I am dependent on candy
then the horses
I must always have at least cv you are behind
even when I go dancing that I don't
I take the bag I put the package on
stuck in the diseased bra and then there
to the last thing a perfume also
this saves the evening saves day saves
anything because precisely
in short, if you need to see someone if
I don't know, but it happens to have to
move this here is the bon bon of
malice this is the melody in the case vi
interested in this extra sweet
they smell good and therefore nothing short of me
I always carry deodorant and bon bon
you never know
now I would like you to point out the shit
that is in my bag
if I can show
here it is , here are the various cards receipts
bus tickets all scattered here
inside
this bag that gives you your own
button
I don't even ask myself the problem
understand I am not at all ordered
not at all good for me like this
every now and then there is that shakes the
bag but for the rest he concluded kakà
you never know and therefore nothing this was
the tag update what's in mine
bag are normal things in my opinion
that everyone has in the bag
who more or less who is more fixed with
certain things than with others anyway
I think there are more or less on the stock exchanges
these things and so nothing I will now
I send you a big kiss
I hope you enjoyed this video and
See you at the next hello